What? How can you see him?
Hi Duan Family, Young Master Duan's illness
It's a game set up by the four major families
The purpose is to deceive me
Want to kill me
He Tianma is here too
The girl escaped from Wada Ba's hands
More than just escape
I just used a little
A little lonely
And we'll kill them all.
The evidence is solid
The authorities have taken them away
That's great.
Then you're not hurt, are you?
How can I be hurt?
Hey, do you know who Hetiaba is?
Who do you know?
It's your old friend Duan Jiaduan, Mr. Duan
How is that possible?
Didn't he jump to his death before?
Or is he cunning?
It's complicated.
I'll tell you later
Are we still going to evidence?
Of course I'm going.
I want to see
What did grandpa leave behind?
Ye Wushuang, this is what you married back
The evidence you are willing to leave behind
Right
Here it is.
There's nothing here.